Use pyproject.toml (#631)
bambinos/bambi: CHANGELOG.md

### Maintenance and fixes

* Moved the `tests` directory to the root of the repository (#607)

> * Make more usage of the `pyproject.toml` config file to distribute the package (#631)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Remove requirements.txt and replace with `pyproject.toml` config file to distribute the package (#631)
```
